man tonight its founder
Apple Corporation Steve Jobs Steve Jobs
I finished
it's over
besides good
president ladies and gentlemen had to do
boys and girls
if any moment
so iphone in kyrgyzstan
square
There is still ample direct advertising ahead
they are also called large volumes
work
The recipe to say this is in the accepted
will be done
on the eve of the street and square stands
Anatoly Gritsenko said that he had
There is a fund of the Russian Federation in the district
within cities to stop this
the process takes the fourth line
we shouldn't be afraid of it naturally
only new technologies
if something is not so long ago that the conditions
she's right
not yet done
i.e
now he
km to choir
club people understand
I climbed to offer you privacy
sick as well as simple form not
I would not be given an hour right away
but now I didn’t have time to win and we don’t
we know
but it's too late to be even lower
berry very powerful enemy
yes and fauna
before we decided me
ambassador